Release 14.2.1 (#424)
urbanairship/react-native-module: CHANGELOG.md

# React Native Module Changelog

## Version 14.2.1 - April 26, 2022

> Minor release that fix a bug with notification response callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch release that fixes a bug with notification response callback.
```
